Update contribute_docs.md (#3371)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: dev-docs/tutorial/contribute_docs.md

## Our branch structure

To facilitate the package release process and keep the documentation maintained
in the same repository as the codebase, the documentation is kept on the `docs`
branch. This branch is used to track releases and is published in
[Read The Docs](https://canonical-ubuntu-pro-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest).

> When a pull request with documentation improvements or new content is related to
> not-yet-released features, it should target the current development branch. Fixes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a pull request with documentation improvements or new content is related to
not-yet-released features, it should target the `docs` branch but stay in a Draft state until the documented feature is released. Fixes,
```

Author: Fixed :) thanks
